Update howto-authentication-passwordless-security-key.md (#104266)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/authentication/howto-authentication-passwordless-security-key.md

![Screenshot of FIDO2 security key options](media/howto-authentication-passwordless-security-key/optional-settings.png) 

- **Allow self-service set up** should remain set to **Yes**. If set to no, your users won't be able to register a FIDO key through the MySecurityInfo portal, even if enabled by Authentication Methods policy.  

> - **Enforce attestation** setting to **Yes** requires the FIDO security key metadata to be published and verified with the FIDO Alliance Metadata Service, and also pass Microsoft’s additional set of validation testing. For more information, see [What is a Microsoft-compatible security key?](/azure/active-directory/authentication/concept-authentication-passwordless#fido2-security-key-providers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enforce attestation** setting to **Yes** requires the FIDO security key metadata to be published and verified with the FIDO Alliance Metadata Service, and also pass Microsoft’s additional set of validation testing. For more information, see [What is a Microsoft-compatible security key?](concept-authentication-passwordless.md#fido2-security-key-providers)
```
